app/code/local/Dunagan                                           app/code/local/Dunagan
app/code/local/Stocks                                            app/code/local/Stocks
app/code/local/Worldview                                         app/code/local/Worldview
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/dunagan              app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/dunagan
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/dunagan            app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/dunagan
app/design/frontend/rwd/dunagan                                  app/design/frontend/rwd/dunagan
app/design/frontend/rwd/dunagan_demo                             app/design/frontend/rwd/dunagan_demo
app/etc/modules/Dunagan_Base.xml                                 app/etc/modules/Dunagan_Base.xml
app/etc/modules/Dunagan_Checkout.xml                             app/etc/modules/Dunagan_Checkout.xml
app/etc/modules/Dunagan_CustomLayout.xml                         app/etc/modules/Dunagan_CustomLayout.xml
app/etc/modules/Dunagan_Io.xml                                   app/etc/modules/Dunagan_Io.xml
app/etc/modules/Dunagan_ProcessQueue.xml                         app/etc/modules/Dunagan_ProcessQueue.xml
app/etc/modules/Dunagan_Process.xml                              app/etc/modules/Dunagan_Process.xml
app/etc/modules/Stocks_Base.xml                                  app/etc/modules/Stocks_Base.xml
app/etc/modules/Stocks_Cluster.xml                               app/etc/modules/Stocks_Cluster.xml
app/etc/modules/Stocks_Symbol.xml                                app/etc/modules/Stocks_Symbol.xml
app/etc/modules/Worldview_Article.xml                            app/etc/modules/Worldview_Article.xml
app/etc/modules/Worldview_Base.xml                               app/etc/modules/Worldview_Base.xml
app/etc/modules/Worldview_Feed.xml                               app/etc/modules/Worldview_Feed.xml
app/etc/modules/Worldview_Source.xml                             app/etc/modules/Worldview_Source.xml
skin/adminhtml/default/default/dunagan.css                       skin/adminhtml/default/default/dunagan.css
skin/frontend/rwd/dunagan                                        skin/frontend/rwd/dunagan
skin/frontend/rwd/dunagan_demo                                   skin/frontend/rwd/dunagan_demo
skin/frontend/base/default/images/dunagan_enterprises_logo.png   skin/frontend/base/default/images/dunagan_enterprises_logo.png
